README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
    <a>Lemonade</a>
  <br>
    <b href="https://citra-emu.org/"><img src="https://github.com/kleidiss/Citra-Enhanced/assets/124008722/c171265e-8d7f-4cb8-8f4e-3ae73bf231b9" alt="Lime" width="200"></b>
  <br>
</h1>

![GitHub all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Gamer64ytb/Citra-Enhanced/total)
![Bitbucket open issues](https://img.shields.io/bitbucket/issues/Gamer64ytb/Citra-Enhanced)

# Lemonade is an Android-focused 3DS Emulator ___fork___

***We plan to add new features and enhancements on top of the ___base___ emulator***

## What's new so far 

- Added a option to adjust touch controls opacity 
- More coming soon we are still focusing on figuring out how to work with this codebase

## HOW TO BUILD?
Coming Soon..

## Contacting

**We are looking for developers! so please contact us on discord if you are interested**

[![](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/NVTYcV4v2Q)](https://discord.gg/NVTYcV4v2Q)

[![](https://patrolavia.github.io/telegram-badge/chat.png)](https://t.me/joinchat/lTkg6yC6pQAxNzM0)

Commit message:

Add build instructions for Windows

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
    <a>Lemonade</a>
  <br>
    <b href="https://citra-emu.org/"><img src="https://github.com/kleidiss/Citra-Enhanced/assets/124008722/c171265e-8d7f-4cb8-8f4e-3ae73bf231b9" alt="Lime" width="200"></b>
  <br>
</h1>

![GitHub all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Gamer64ytb/Citra-Enhanced/total)
![Bitbucket open issues](https://img.shields.io/bitbucket/issues/Gamer64ytb/Citra-Enhanced)

# Lemonade is an Android-focused 3DS Emulator ___fork___

***We plan to add new features and enhancements on top of the ___base___ emulator***

## What's new so far 

- Added a option to adjust touch controls opacity 
- More coming soon we are still focusing on figuring out how to work with this codebase

## HOW TO BUILD?
**Dependencies (Windows)**
- Android Studio
- NDK and CMake
- Git

If you get the error ```invalid linker name in argument '-fuse-ld=gold'``` when starting compiling (A rebbot is needed after installing these)
- Visual Stidio Build Tools (C++ Tools)
- [MinGW-W64](https://github.com/niXman/mingw-builds-binaries)

###  Compiling
- Start Android Studio, on the startup dialog select Open
- Navigate to the citra/src/android directory and click on OK
- Build > Generate Signed Bundle/APK
- Select 'APK' and create a key
- **Make sure** to select CanaryRelease 


## Contacting

**We are looking for developers! so please contact us on discord if you are interested**

[![](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/NVTYcV4v2Q)](https://discord.gg/NVTYcV4v2Q)

[![](https://patrolavia.github.io/telegram-badge/chat.png)](https://t.me/joinchat/lTkg6yC6pQAxNzM0)
